Update building-a-flutter-app.md (#476)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/yaml-quick-start/building-a-flutter-app.md

```yaml
- echo "flutter.sdk=$HOME/programs/flutter" > "$FCI_BUILD_DIR/android/local.properties"
```
### Building an app bundle

```yaml
- flutter build appbundle --release
```

> In order to build an Android App Bundle (`.aab`), the command `./gradlew bundleRelease` is used, while for `.apk` creation `the command ./gradlew assembleRelease` is used. Note that Google Play requires new apps to be published as an Android App Bundle which replaces `.apk` as the standard publishing format. 

Reviewer: just wondering - are these commands relevant to flutter apps? to generate an app bundle, it's enough to run the `flutter build appbundle --release` above

Author: indeed, these commands are not needed with flutter apps. removed them.

  --key-pass $FCI_KEY_PASSWORD
```

Please make sure to wrap the `--bundle` pattern in single quotes. If the `--bundle` option is not specified, default glob pattern `**/*.aab` will be used.

> Generally, in order to build `.aab`, command `./gradlew bundleRelease` is used and for `.apk` creation `./gradlew assembleRelease` is used. However, according to the recent updates by Google Play, only Android App Bundles are required and it replaces `.apk` as the standard publishing format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, in order to build an Android App Bundle (`.aab`), the command `./gradlew bundleRelease` is used, while for `.apk` creation `the command ./gradlew assembleRelease` is used. Note that Google Play requires new apps to be published as an Android App Bundle which replaces `.apk` as the standard publishing format.
```

> Please make sure to wrap the `--bundle` pattern in single quotes. If `--bundle` option is not specified, default glob pattern `**/*.aab` will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure to wrap the `--bundle` pattern in single quotes. If the `--bundle` option is not specified, default glob pattern `**/*.aab` will be used.
```

Author: changes made
